- ♪ When the air turns cold
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ And the fireplace
starts to glow ♪
- ♪ It must be Christmas.
it must be Christmas ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- ♪ Twinkle lights
on the trees ♪
♪ And kissing
under mistletoe ♪
- ♪ The love it gives us
- ♪ Oh
- ♪ It must be Christmas ♪
- ♪ I hear the carolers sing ♪
♪ While we dance
in the falling snow ♪
- ♪ Falling snow
- Ah!
Cute.
- Oh. my gosh.
Oh. I want to remember this
moment
for the rest of my life.
Let me see.
- I'm sure one of these
will do.
- Oh. my gosh.
Can you believe
I'm gonna own this building?
- They got back to you
really fast.
- Well. I put in
an aggressive offer.
I didn't want to lose it.
I mean. it's perfect.
I mean.
this location is perfect.
- It's so great.
Close your eyes for a sec.
Take in that feeling.
- Your excitement?
- No. that Christmas feeling.
when you feel like a kid again
and you're happy
for no particular reason
and just the sight of bows
and shiny wrapping paper
makes you smile.
- Oh. yeah. that is
a great feeling.
- And we only get it for. like.
five weeks out of the year.
but not anymore.
- Your year-round Christmas
shop will take care of that.
- I know.
I'm so happy.
- Oh. you're gonna do great.
I'm so proud of you.
Congratulations!
I have to run to work.
but I'll see you tonight?
- All right.
Bye.
- ♪ Wrapping presents
with a bow ♪
- Whoo!
- ♪ Building snowmen
- Oh. I'm so happy.
I could dance!
- Try not to hurt anyone
with all that enthusiasm.
- ♪ Ice-skating with you
hand in hand ♪
♪ In a sea of shining stars
- Merry Christmas!
- ♪ The love it gives us
- ♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ It must be Christmas
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Kids tucked in their beds
♪ As the reindeer
start to fly ♪
♪ Fly across the sky ♪
♪ So much joy in the air ♪
♪ ♪
Hello.
- Hey there.
Did you know that Christmas
is just around the corner?
-
- It's that time of ye--
♪
- Are you kidding me?
Hey.
That's my spot.
- What?
You were nowhere
near this spot.
- I just switched to reverse.
- Yeah. well.
next time. switch faster.
- Hey. I've got an appointment
to get to. lady.
- And I have the post office
to get to. buddy.
- Whatever. Have a nice day.
- I am having a nice day.
Weirdo.
Whoa!
Ow.
- Hey. you okay?
- Fine. thanks.
- Uh-oh.
Unless you bought somebody
glass jingle bells.
this pretty little gift
isn't so pretty anymore.
- You're enjoying this.
aren't you?
- No.
Maybe a little.
There is something called
instant karma. you know.
- You were nowhere
near the spot.
Now. if you don't mind. I have
to get another one of these.
- Maybe a little
bubble wrap next time?
- Whatever.
Merry Christmas.
Instant karma.
What a clown.
- Oh!
-
Oh. my goodness.
Maybe there is such a thing
as instant karma.
- Ah!
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- What's all this?
- Contractor information.
I'm comparing reviews
and star ratings.
Excited much?
- Yes.
I cannot wait to get started.
You know. we can work
on the interior now
and then the exterior
when it warms up.
- Wait. did you close
since I saw you today?
- No. but that's just
a formality.
Oh. thank you so much
for getting this.
I know it was my turn.
- But you could not wait
to get started on renovations.
Do you have
a target opening date?
- Well. I turn 35 this January.
and I promised myself
I'd have my own business
before then.
I'm just--I'm ready.
I'm ready to do my own thing.
- To doing your own thing.
Hear. hear?
- Cheers.
Something bad?
- I'm not--I'm not sure.
The realtor wants me to stop
by his office
first thing in the morning.
- You said he'd be in touch.
- Yeah. but it's the wording.
He says "an urgent matter."
Why wouldn't he just call me?
- Hmm.
People tend to send emails
when they want to avoid
getting into something over
the phone. usually bad news.
Mm. although I'm sure
that's not the case here.
He's just probably done
for the day
and wants to pick up
again tomorrow.
I'm sure there's nothing wrong.
- Yeah.
Sure.
What could possibly be wrong?
What?
No way!
- Miss Lewis. please calm down.
- You think I should be calm?
You don't tell someone
they have the winning bid
on a property
and then call them
the next day to say.
"Oops. you might not
have the property anymore."
- Well. there was
another offer.
- Well. I doubt the other offer
was as solid as mine.
Who is this person?
What are you doing here?
- What am I doing here?
- Oh. you--you two know
each other?
- Yeah. in a "she tried
to run me down" kind of way.
- Okay. such an exaggeration.
For the record.
your jacket looked better
with a slush design.
- Okay. Mr. Woodward.
you said there was something
urgent with my building?
- Yes. you see--
- I'm sorry.
I can stop you right there.
Mr. Woodward.
You can pump your brakes with
the whole "my building" thing.
- What's she talking about?
- I offered full asking.
all cash.
I'd like to see you try
to beat that.
- Wow. all cash.
that is tough to beat.
I had to get a loan.
- That's just too bad.
- But I did offer over asking.
- Wait. what?
Over asking?
Who does that?
- Someone who knows
there's another bid
and wants to compete.
- I'm sorry. but my duty
is to the seller.
I have to get him
the best deal possible.
He has your offers.
and I just need him to decide
which one he wants.
On the bright side.
it's a lovely building.
You both have excellent taste.
♪
- Over asking?
That's a slick move.
- It sure is.
You should have seen this guy.
He's so annoying.
- Mm. how do you feel
about your chances?
- It's a tough call.
It all depends on the seller.
If they need the money.
then all cash is the way to go.
but if they're not pressed.
then over asking sounds better.
- What do you know
about the seller?
- Nothing.
Okay. I'm checking the address.
and the building was a music
store up until three years ago.
- Really?
- Owned by a man
named Elder Dubois.
- Elder Dubois?
Sounds like he was born
to write novels or something.
- Okay. there's only one
Elder Dubois
in the state of Nevada.
and he lives in Castle Creek.
That's. like.
an hour from here.
- So?
- So I'm not losing
my Christmas store
to whatever ridiculous thing
this clown has planned
for the building.
- It's coming down
really hard out there.
- It's not that bad.
and if I leave right now.
I can be home by dinnertime.
- Sounds risky.
Maybe wait till morning.
- It's my Christmas store.
I need to find Elder Dubois
and convince him to sell to me.
Road snack.
Love you.
- Bye.
♪ ♪
Okay. Amelia.
this isn't the smartest thing
you've done all year.
♪ ♪
Oh. thank goodness.
No rooms?
- Up until an hour ago.
we had plenty of rooms.
but everybody's
pulling off the road
because
of the inclement weather.
- Well. is there another motel
or maybe a hotel nearby?
- Oh. I'm sorry.
not for about 30 miles or so.
- Perfect.
I won't make it 30 feet
in those conditions.
- Yeah. it's too bad too.
You just lost the last room
a few minutes ago.
Oh. and there's the guy
that got the room.
- We keep running
into each other.
- Looks like.
- Oh. you two know each other?
Well. that's great.
- We know of each other.
There's a difference.
This key. it's not working.
- Oh. uh. sorry about that.
You know. I was just thinking
how fortuitous it would be
if you two knew each other.
since you got our last room.
- No room at the inn?
Huh.
- Well. there is room.
in your room. that is.
You see. you have one of the
few rooms with a double bed.
- No way.
- No. sir. uh-uh.
- It's not safe for you
to drive anywhere else.
- Well. I'd rather sleep
in my car.
- It would be an icebox.
and you can't sleep
with the motor running.
- Carbon monoxide is better
than sleeping next to him.
- You'd just have to share
a room for one night.
Now. this is a matter
of life and death.
- Well. I'm open to it
if he is...
- But only if I can pay
half the bill.
- Fine. whatever.
- Excellent.
I'm sure you won't regret this.
♪ ♪
- Oh. yeah. well. uh.
I didn't bring a toothbrush
or a change of clothes
because I didn't expect
to check in anywhere.
- Same here.
- I'm just gonna
make myself comfy.
Yeah. this should work.
- Well. the good thing
about such a small room
is. it won't take too long
to heat up.
It is freezing.
- Hey. not too high.
I run a little warm.
- Is 70 good for you?
- Yeah. that should be fine.
Hey. let's see what's on TV.
All right. okay. that'll work.
Boom. nice!
Good one.
- Oh. come on.
You're not one of those guys
that thinks fake wrestling
is real. are you?
- No.
- Well. then why would you--
- Because it's entertainment.
and that's all
it's meant to be.
Are you serious
with that squeaky chair?
- It's not my fault it's noisy.
- Well. you're welcome to sit
on a nice.
quiet bed
that you're paying half for.
Boom. nice.
- Well. maybe we can at least
put a pillow in between us
or something.
- Trust me. it's not necessary.
- You want?
- I'm good. thanks.
- Oh. come on.
That is such a fake punch.
Why is he holding his jaw like
the punch actually connected?
Really?
Not even trying
to sell the yell.
I mean. where do they
find these people?
- Okay. all right.
I'm just gonna turn this off.
You want it?
- Well. I'm just saying
that's. like.
the worst acting
I've ever seen.
- Well. it's not s--
you know what?
I'm just gonna go to bed.
Okay. make myself comfy here.
- Well. if you're not gonna put
a pillow in between us.
at least you can maybe
sleep on top of the covers?
- What are you doing?
- The bed's
just not comfortable.
- So you're gonna sleep
in the squeaky chair all night?
- It only squeaks when I move.
and I'm a very still
sleeper. okay?
Relax. grumpy.
Good night.
- Are you kidding me?
- ♪ Jolly old Saint Nicholas.
lean your ear this way ♪
♪ Don't you tell
a single soul ♪
♪ Blue-blah. blue-blah. blay ♪
- She doesn't even know
the words.
- ♪ Now we doo-doo-doo ♪
- Hey. I gotta get in there.
- ♪ Tell a single soul.
tell me if you can ♪
♪ Jolly old Saint Nicholas
- Finally.
- Excuse me.
- No excuse.
- I'm paying
for half this room.
Hey. I talked to Matt
at the front desk.
and he said there's
a diner next door
where we can get breakfast.
You're welcome?
- The water is freezing
in here!
- Oh. it was fine a minute ago.
- Hey. you got room?
- We have a bit of a wait
right now.
Water pipe leak
last night. so--
- Oh. well. maybe with her.
How about that?
- Do you know her?
- Yeah. I do. yeah.
- Hi.
Excuse me.
I hate to interrupt
your breakfast.
but we're really
short on tables.
and this gentleman says
that he knows you.
He wants to know
if it's okay to join you.
- Sure. it's okay.
- Yeah. okay. Thank you.
- Thanks.
- Go ahead.
- Can I just get a bagel
and coffee?
- Oh. sure. yeah.
- Thanks.
Thanks for that.
They said it was gonna be
a long wait because
of the shortage of seats.
- Oh. it's the least
I could do.
and for the record.
we're even now.
I don't owe you anything.
- I never said otherwise.
- Here you go. sweetie.
- Thank you.
- You're very welcome.
- That was fast.
Can you pass the jam?
If it's not too much to ask.
Thanks for that.
♪ ♪
I can feel you watching me.
- I'm sorry.
I don't mean to be weird.
I'm just wondering.
what's the hurry?
- What--what makes you think
that I'm in a hurry?
- Well. you bum-rushed
the shower this morning.
your unwillingness
to wait for a seat.
the way you are destroying
that bagel.
you just seem like a guy
who's got somewhere to be.
- Mm. well. my aunt.
she's gonna be outside
of Castle Creek.
She's coming to town for a day
or two 'cause of Christmas.
- Castle Creek. huh?
- Yup. outside of Castle Creek.
What about you?
What's your emergency?
- Who said there's
an emergency?
- Well. who drives a sports car
in weather like this?
- Uh. it's my only car.
and it wasn't like this
when I set out.
- Set out to?
Hey. I don't mean to pry.
You know.
if it's a big secret--
- It's not a secret.
I was setting out to. um.
uh. um. check on a friend
because she's so sick.
and no one can check on her
at the moment but me.
- Mm.
So you decided just to
chow down some pancakes first?
- Well. I spoke to him. and--
- Her.
You said "her."
- Yeah. I just said that.
"I spoke to her."
- Mm-hmm.
- And she was fine
this morning.
so I didn't wanna drive
on an empty stomach.
so I ordered pancakes.
- Blood sugar levels.
lightheadedness.
- Oh. yeah. of course.
- Why are you grinning?
It's a real thing.
- Whoa. I know.
Oh. that's why I can't skip
any meals.
Yeah.
You know. I checked the roads.
and they haven't
cleared 'em yet.
so we're gonna be here
for a while.
so we might as well
get comfortable.
Oh.
Hey. I gotta take this
outside real quick.
You know. can you. um--can you
order me another bagel?
'Cause...
I don't wanna get
those low blood sugar levels.
Can you tell Linda I need one?
Thanks.
Here. just keep the change.
- Oh. sure.
Your guys' food
is almost out. yeah.
How are you making out?
- Oh. it was great.
Thank you. Linda.
I'll just take the check.
- Oh. okay.
- Oh. and the gentleman asked
if he can get
one more bagel to scarf down.
- Really?
I just saw him.
Uh. he paid his bill.
I think he left
through the back door.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- Oh. good morning. Miss Lewis.
Are you ready to check out too?
- "Too"?
Did he check out already?
- Uh. about ten minutes ago.
- That little sneak.
Be careful
who you're nice to. Matt.
People will take advantage
of your kindness.
I should have left
his low blood sugar self
in that diner.
Who even knows if that's true?
Yeah. sorry. I'd like to
check out. and quickly. please.
He probably lied about
the roads not being cleared
just so he can get
a head start.
People are not nice. Matt.
They are not nice.
♪ ♪
I almost forgot.
Merry Christmas. Matt.
♪ ♪
- This is ridiculous.
- You got that right.
What a conniving
little liar he is.
All right. I'm pulling up.
I knew it.
He's here.
-
Are you serious?
- I gotta go.
- Okay. bye.
♪ ♪
- Hi.
- I guess your aunt's a little
closer to Castle Creek
than you realized?
Like. right smack
in the middle of it?
- I take it your friend
is feeling better.
Good for him.
Or was it her?
- You're not cute. you know.
- And you're a terrible liar.
- What?
What are you even
talking about?
- You have a tell.
You bite your lower lip
when you're lying.
- Okay. that's ridiculous
'cause I do have a friend.
and she does live close by. and
she did just get over the flu.
Okay. so is that why you snuck
out of the diner?
- I didn't sneak out
of anywhere.
I made a strategic exit.
Don't hate the player.
Hate the game.
- Ugh. how long have you been
waiting to say that?
Hey--oh!
Oh!
- Oh. are you all right?
- I'm fine.
- You're sure?
- I'm fine. thank you.
Hi. I'm Amelia Lewis.
- Hello.
- Hey. I'm Victor Manning.
My friends call me Vic.
- Hello.
- Are you Elder Dubois?
- I am.
What is this about?
- I think it's safe to say
that we're both here
for the same reason.
- Okay. here we go.
- Thank you.
- You bet.
- Appreciate that.
- All right.
Where were we?
-
Excuse me.
- Oh. okay.
I wanted to discuss the sale
of your building in White Oak.
Now. I realize that you have
two offers
that may appeal to you
for different reasons.
but I thought if I told you
what I intended
for the property.
it might help you decide.
- And what is that?
- I want to open
a year-round Christmas store.
- Is that right?
- Yes.
I've done my research.
and year-round Christmas stores
do very well.
I mean. who doesn't
love Christmas?
Present company excluded.
- Oh. no. no. please.
don't misunderstand.
I love Christmas.
I really do.
The homeowners' association
decorates the outside
of all the houses here.
and it's nice.
It's really very nice.
But I. uh.
recently lost my wife.
and. uh. just not in the mood
to decorate inside.
- I'm so sorry.
- So sorry.
- Yeah.
It's okay. but thank you.
And you. young man. what are
your plans for the building?
- My plan is to open
a gourmet chocolate shop.
It's the perfect location.
and who doesn't love
a good truffle. huh?
- Pretty good chocolatier.
are you. son?
- I've been cooking
since I was a kid.
but yeah. chocolate's
definitely my specialty.
- Well. I hope
you both understand
that I'm not going to make
a decision right away.
I have an awful lot
on my mind right now.
- Are--are you okay?
- I'm not gonna burden you
with my problems.
- Hey. we're the ones
who barged in on you.
Feel free to vent.
It'll make you feel better.
- Okay.
I just came back
from a breakfast meeting
of the Main Street
Merchants Association.
Now. every year. we have
a decorating contest--
a battle. actually. between
the Main Streets of our town
here in Castle Creek
and our neighboring town
of Crystal.
- Well. that sounds like fun.
- Well. yes.
it's supposed to be.
but a lot of people
forget the fun.
and they let their egos
get in the way.
which is probably why
we've lost this contest
for the last five years
running.
and my Tina and I.
we'd cochair the event
every year.
I don't wanna let
anybody down this year.
but I am just not in the mood.
- I can help you.
- I couldn't ask you
to do that.
- Are you kidding?
Christmas is my life.
My parents are traveling.
and I won't see them
till after the New Year.
and my roommate is flying home
to see her family.
so basically. I'm free.
I'll get a room in town.
I would love to help you.
- It's a lot of work.
- I don't mind work.
- Neither do I.
I wanna help too.
- That's really not necessary.
- It'll be my pleasure.
My parents are in Seattle
for Christmas.
so I have all the time
in the world
to help bring a victory home
for your Main Street.
- Really. Vic.
Elder and I are just fine.
- Actually. Elder would prefer
to bow out of this altogether.
but I would feel better
about it
if I knew that one person
wasn't being stuck
with all the work.
- Sounds like a plan.
I'll get a room in town too.
- Are you both sure about this?
I am.
♪
- All right. then.
Let's do it.
But you both don't have
to get rooms in town.
I mean. I'm all alone
in this big old house.
You can stay here with me.
and who knows?
It might turn out to be a lot
of fun for the both of you.
I have a feeling
you'll make a very good team.
So what do you say?
Teamwork?
- Absolutely.
Here you go.
To teamwork.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Five golden rings ♪
♪ Four calling birds ♪
♪ Three French hens. two-- ♪
Hey!
Watch the door. will ya?
- Oh. what. did you race home
and get back
so you get the bigger room?
- Gotta do what you gotta do.
Excuse me a sec.
- Enjoy the room.
- ♪ Two turtle doves ♪
♪ And a partridge
in a pear tree ♪
- Come in?
- Thank you.
What are you whining about?
This is a cozy room
and the perfect place
for you to sit and plot.
- Nobody's whining.
and what do you mean. "plot"?
- "I wanna help out too.
It would be my pleasure."
You would have never thought
of that
had I not volunteered it first.
- You don't know that.
- Pardon me while I try
not to laugh at you
pretending to know anything
about decorating Main Street.
Don't expect me to do
all the heavy lifting either.
- You don't know anything
about my talents.
and the only thing
I need from you is to leave
so I can finish unpacking.
Thank you.
Rude.
What in the world
are you doing?
- Getting some decorating ideas
for this house.
- Mm.
Elder told us to make ourselves
at home while he was out.
not give it a makeover.
- This house is crying
for Christmas cheer.
- What part of he didn't want
to decorate
for his first Christmas
without his wife did you miss?
- No. he said he wasn't
in the mood to decorate.
There's a difference.
- Don't think I don't know
what you're doing.
- I just told you
what I'm doing.
- You really here to spread
some holiday cheer.
Miss Christmas?
Or are you auditioning
for a building?
- Are you always this cynical?
- Yes.
Yes. I am. with certain people.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- All right. well.
you can sit there
with your suspicious thoughts
while I transform this room
into a magical realm
of Christmas cheer.
♪ ♪
- Wow.
- That almost sounded
like a compliment.
- I have no problem giving
credit where it's due.
- And I have no problem
saying thank you.
That is the ugliest Christmas
sweater I have ever seen.
- My late Nana Betty
gave it to me.
- Oh.
Well. it is
a lovely ugly sweater.
Mission accomplished?
Speaking of missions.
what do you think?
I really hope Elder likes
what I did with this room.
- I think he's gonna love it.
Mm-hmm.
- ♪ Looks just like
a snowman ♪
♪ And a train that slowly
circles round the tree ♪
- What's all this?
- I just thought I'd get a jump
on dinner. that's all.
- Is that right?
Now who's being sneaky?
- Now who's being a cynic?
- I have to admit
I was surprised
at the whole chocolatier thing.
I for sure thought
you were gonna open. like.
a wilderness hunting shop
or something.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- You just look like
a hunter-gatherer type is all.
No offense.
- Oh. none taken.
You know. I thought you were
gonna open a shoe boutique
or something like that.
- Shoes?
Is that what you think of me?
- What's wrong with shoes?
- Nothing. but you had a tone.
I know a slight
when I hear one.
I see you. mister.
I...see you.
Ow.
I'm okay!
- Need a hand in there?
- No. thank you.
I'm fine.
- You know. if the year-round
Christmas store doesn't
work out. you can always
get in demolition.
- We're not amused!
- Oh. look at you working hard.
I bet you're hoping that Elder
likes your Christmas
decorations
more than he loves
my chocolate gingerbread cake.
- You know. there is
such a thing as a mixer.
- Oh. no. no. no.
I only mix by hand.
It's the personal touch
that's gonna separate
my chocolate shop
from the rest.
- Oh. let me know
where you set up shop.
I think that's a little uneven.
- You can actually help me
instead of just watching me
with your beady eyes
and criticizing me.
- I do not have
beady little eyes.
- You're right.
They're not beady.
but I still feel them boring
into the back of my head.
- Wish I could help you
with that ladder.
but my hands are full
mixing up this Christmas magic.
Well. if you think
whatever Christmas magic
in that bowl is gonna impress
Elder more than my decorations.
you got another thing
coming. buddy.
Ow!
- Oh!
-
- I'm so sor--ah!
- Your nose.
- Oh.
- You okay?
- Well. hi. guys.
I'm--I'm glad to see you two
are getting along.
You. uh. think we could
clean this up before dinner?
Oh. your decorations
are spectacular.
yeah. and I'm--I'm sure that
that was going
to be spectacular too.
♪ ♪
- Oh. my. that was delicious.
- Well. I'm glad
you liked it. Elder.
- It's good.
- You know.
you'd better eat up.
You're gonna need
your strength for tomorrow.
I went back to the Main Street
Association to tell them
that I was handing over
all the chairman duties
of the contest to you two.
- How'd they take that?
- About as well as you
could expect.
They balked at the idea of
handing it over to strangers.
but I explained to them
that an unbiased party
that wouldn't play favorites
was exactly what they needed.
- Well. favorites. aren't
they all on the same team?
- Well. you would think so.
yes. but every year.
it's just the same old thing
over and over again.
Each merchant wants to be
the focus of the contest.
I just hope you're ready
for all the personalities.
-
We'll whip them into shape.
Well. good luck with that.
But I'll tell you
what I'm ready for right now--
some of that gingerbread
chocolate cake.
It smells really good.
- Hey. I will make some
hot chocolate to serve with it.
- Oh. don't bother.
- Oh. it's not a bother.
I'll just mix it and serve.
- Actually. I shaved some
chocolate for the hot cocoa.
It's way better than the mix.
a lot more work
but totally worth it.
It's what I'm gonna serve
at my shop.
You know. why don't you two go
just head into the living room.
and I'll bring out the cocoa
and the cake?
- I could get really used
to this.
- Hmm.
♪ ♪
Well. you have certainly
brought the spirit of Christmas
into my home.
Tina would love
what you've done.
I have not seen this
in years. not years.
You see. we would rotate
the decorations
from year to year so it
would always be different.
- That's why I had so many
boxes to choose from.
I came across a big box
that belonged to a Marjorie.
and by came across.
I'd accidentally
knocked it over.
but don't worry;
I didn't break anything.
Are you okay?
Did I bring up something--
- No. no. no. it's okay.
It's okay.
You did a lovely thing here.
just lovely.
- Here we go.
- Oh. my.
- Yeah. here.
- I'll tell you. if your cake
tastes as good as it smells.
young man. your shop is gonna
do a lot better than just okay.
- Well. thank you. sir.
- And a candy cane
in the cocoa.
that's a nice touch.
- Well. a hint of mint
never hurts.
- And your magic touch.
young lady.
is gonna make your shop
a thing to behold.
- That's very kind. Elder.
- Let's see.
Fantastic.
Mmm!
- How's the nose this morning?
- Oh. still a little sore.
but at least it's not broken.
Thanks for asking.
- Well. that's good.
Just making sure
you don't have any excuse
not to pull
your chairpeople duties.
- For a second. I thought
I recognized compassion.
- Yeah. that too.
Hello!
- Morning. folks.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- Looking for anything
in particular today?
- You. actually.
- Oh?
- Yeah. Elder Dubois said
that we might be stopping by.
- Oh. yes.
Oh. of course.
Um. Amelia and Vic.
nice to meet you.
- Likewise--we just thought
we'd introduce ourselves
to the individual merchants
before we set up
a group meeting.
- Yeah. put together
a game plan
for the Battle
of the Main Streets.
You have any ideas this year?
Winter Wonderland.
We decorate the front
of our shops.
One shop is chosen
to host the judges.
and we contribute to the host
store to make it extra special.
- Hmm.
- So just same every year?
- It's just easiest that way.
- Elder said there might be
some challenging personalities?
- Understatement.
Oh. I tease.
but. uh. let me know
what the others say.
Rowena Marston
of the Pottery House
is never shy with her opinion.
Make sure you give her a call.
- Thank you.
- Okay. thank you.
- You're very welcome.
Come on by soon.
- You bet.
We'll be back.
- That wasn't weird.
Sounds like that Rowena at
the Pottery House is trouble.
- What do you think
we got ourselves into?
- Let's check it out.
- So what were you gonna do
if this didn't work out?
- Eggnog and unlimited
Christmas movies?
- Alone?
Some might say you got
a great personality.
and I think you'd want to spend
Christmas with someone special.
- So some might say I have
a great personality?
- Great-ish...
when you're not slamming doors
in people's faces.
You know. too personal.
Sorry.
- It's fine.
Look. I was seeing someone.
and we ended it
a couple months ago.
Just wasn't working out.
- Hmm.
- Why are you free
for the holidays?
Guys who know their way
around a kitchen like you
are usually in high demand.
- Maybe. but it's impossible
when you work
two full-time jobs.
Plus. I already took off time
in hopes
of closing on the building.
- Two full-time jobs?
How long you been doing that?
- A while.
I invest everything back
in the chocolate business.
- That is some serious
dedication to a dream.
I admire that.
- Well. you gotta do
what you gotta do.
♪
- Hello.
- Anyone here?
- Back here!
♪ ♪
- Hi. Rowena.
My name's Amelia.
and this is Vic.
- So you're who Elder thinks
should be running the show?
- Yes.
- Yep.
- Why?
- Well. for starters. Amelia
is a whiz at decorating.
- And Vic knows how to cook up
competition
better than anyone else I know.
- Hmm. color me impressed.
Not really.
So you know we've lost
five years in a row. right?
And you know if we won.
we wouldn't win anything
but a little trophy
and bragging rights
on a local TV show. right?
I mean. it's not like
it's Jimmy Fallon or anything.
- What is?
- True. true.
All right. well. you wanna
do it. go get cracking.
It's time we won again.
- Excellent.
Okay. well. we were gonna meet
at the Coffee Corner later.
and we'd love
for you to join us.
- We'll see.
- Okay.
Thanks.
- Great place.
- Close the door
on your way out.
- Okay.
- Thanks for letting us
use your café
for the committee
meeting. Chandra.
We did say 6:30. right?
- Yep. yeah.
- Don't take it personal. guys.
The. uh. last meeting didn't
exactly inspire confidence.
The merchants aren't expecting
anything different.
- Well. let's see if we can
change your minds. huh?
Come on.
Well. thank you all
for showing up.
We're excited to share
some ideas with you
and. you know. get you home
as soon as possible.
- Has the meeting started yet?
- Well. we were just
about to. Rowena.
-
Oh. jeez.
- All righty. then.
As you guys know.
Elder has asked me and Vic
to step in as cochairs
of the Battle of Main Streets
contest.
- And we know each year. one
of your stores is highlighted
as part of
the Winter Wonderland theme.
- It's my turn this year.
- Is it?
Um. well. Vic and I
were thinking that maybe--
- Were you?
About how to play up
my pottery shop?
You might have consulted me
before you started
thinking.
- Uh. I think what Amelia
was trying to say
is that maybe this year.
we shake things up.
Huh?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I have waited five years for my
turn in the contest spotlight.
so if your "big idea" involves
anything other than that.
I suggest you return
to the drawing board.
- Seriously. Rowena?
Why don't you
just let them speak?
- I'm letting them speak.
- It's not always about you.
- You need to stop this
right now.
- I'm perfectly calm.
- This is ridiculous.
- Okay. guys.
- What are you talking about?
Why is everyone
ganging up on me?
- Guys?
Guys!
- What are you talking about?
- This is ridiculous.
- Hey. um.
can we just cool down?
Just--let's be calm.
- Cool down?
Cool down?
I'm very cool.
I'm very calm.
Miss Contest Helper Person.
You be cool and calm.
- Truly?
- I'm not--I did not--
but why is everyone
standing up--
- Amelia?
Hey.
- We're settling our
disagreements among ourselves.
- Look what you just did.
- I didn't do that.
- You just insulted them.
She's gonna be such a baby.
she's gonna leave before--
- They're volunteering.
- Well. there's no--
- Hey. Amelia.
So when the going gets tough.
the tough walk out?
- I'm not quitting.
just for the night.
I'm gonna let them chill out.
and we can try again tomorrow.
- First sign of trouble.
and you just head
for the hills?
Nice.
- That's not fair.
We're not gonna accomplish
anything tonight
with them fighting like that.
- You know what's not fair
is that you made
a promise to Elder
for your own selfish reasons.
You don't know me well enough
to say something like that.
- You entitled. spoiled types
are all the same.
♪
You ever do anything for anyone
just out of pure goodness?
You ever stick your neck out
for someone
when there wasn't something
in it for you?
♪
You know what?
I got it.
I'll do it myself.
♪ ♪
- Snowman looks great.
You also did a really good job
on Elder's tree.
Hey. uh.
I guess I owe you an apology.
- You guess?
- Okay. I do.
I'm sorry.
I thought what I suspected
was proven to be true.
and I spoke too soon.
- What you suspected...
that I am spoiled and entitled?
Tell you something.
I'm neither of those.
- I know.
- And where do you come off
with that. anyways?
- Well. there was
the parking lot
and then the race to the room--
- So I'm determined.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
- How'd the rest of the meeting
go after I left last night?
- Terrible.
- Mm-hmm.
- You were right.
Nothing was gonna get
accomplished after the blowup.
but we made a promise to Elder.
and I just think that if you
could find a way to forgive me.
we could work together
to save this contest.
♪ ♪
All right.
so I'm gonna go inside
and brainstorm or something.
if you wanna come.
Really great snowman.
♪ ♪
Apology accepted.
- Okay.
All right.
that's how you want to play it?
- Be nice.
I said apology accepted.
- Oh. no. two can
play this game.
- D--be nice!
Be nice!
Oh!
- Amelia!
Hey. are you okay?
- You okay?
- I guess I deserved that.
♪ ♪
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
I didn't say so last night.
but this is the best chocolate
gingerbread cake ever.
- Thank you.
That means a lot.
What are we looking at?
- Mm. before Elder left
for errands this morning.
him and I talked
about the contest.
It's been a tradition with
the local TV station for years.
so I went on their website
to see why Castle Creek
has been losing to Crystal
for so many.
- And?
- See for yourself.
There's cohesion in Crystal.
Just look at their colors
from year to year.
Red and green.
silver and gold.
red and gold.
- They're all on the same page.
- Mm-hmm.
And I bet
they don't have a Rowena.
-
She's gonna be a hurdle.
- How do we get everybody.
including Rowena.
to agree on something
that involves everyone equally.
something other than
Winter Wonderland for a change?
- Something better.
Hey. let's
road-trip to Crystal.
You in?
♪ ♪
Wow!
They obviously went
with a silver theme this year.
- Why do I feel
like we're cheating?
- Oh. it's just a fun contest.
I'd be surprised if someone
from Crystal wasn't coming
over to Castle Creek
to check out the competition.
- I mean. I was hoping
they were gonna get
a little cocky this year
and not bring it.
but they--oh. my goodness.
look at those silver bows.
They're on every tree.
There's ornaments.
There's silver garland.
They have silver candy cane
trees in every doorway.
It's beautiful.
- Okay. come on.
We'll be fine.
I love how into
Christmas you are.
I mean. most people
are so jaded this time of year.
- I can't help it.
I mean. the bows. the glitter.
the carols--all of it.
But it's more than that.
It's a feeling.
I was an only child growing up.
and my parents were really busy
growing their own company.
so Christmas
was the only time of year
where they'd actually
slow down
and we could spend
real time together.
What I remember most
about the holidays
is that I never felt alone.
An angel plush toy.
I got one for Christmas
when I was a little girl.
I loved her.
She was my good-luck charm.
I took her everywhere.
I was devastated
when I lost her.
Hmm.
♪ ♪
What?
Your Christmas cheer.
it's contagious.
- You wanna grab a bite?
- Sure.
I mean.
how pretty are these?
Even the dog has a Santa hat.
♪ ♪
- Mmm.
That is good
chocolate cheesecake.
I'm actually impressed.
- So how long have you
enjoyed baking?
- Ever since I was a kid.
Yeah. my big brother
was closer to my dad.
My little sister
was closer to my mom.
so I got a little squeezed out.
- Got you.
middle child syndrome.
- Yeah. but I got to spend
a lot of time with my nana.
and baking was her thing.
so it became our thing.
especially anything chocolate.
- That's so sweet.
no pun intended.
Yeah. I'm gonna name
some of my desserts
after my nana.
like Betty's brownie cookies.
- Mmm.
How 'bout Nana's
New York chocolate cheesecake?
- Exactly.
♪ ♪
Hey. let's make a deal.
Whatever we do with the contest
from here on out
is to help Elder
and nothing else--
no tricks. no shenanigans.
- No tricks. no shenanigans.
and let Elder decide
who he wants
to sell the building to
without influence from us.
- Deal?
- Deal.
♪ ♪
- Oh!
- Whoa!
Looks like a bomb
went off in here.
- Uh. I was trying to surprise
you guys with an egg casserole.
but those recipes
are way more difficult
than they lead you to believe.
Eating is a lot easier
when I order in.
- Well. I think
we can salvage this.
Hey. how we doing on eggs?
- Um...a couple may
have escaped me.
- Okay. so an egg casserole
is out of the question.
What about. uh--in the mood
for pancakes?
- Always.
- All right.
Hey. can you check
those cabinets
for red and green
food coloring?
Okay.
- Red and green.
What's this for?
- We're not just
making pancakes.
We are making Nana's famous
Christmas ornament pancakes.
- Your nana sounded
pretty amazing.
- Oh. she was.
She used to tell me stories
of when she was a kid.
all the Christmases
she would celebrate.
We would talk over hot cocoa
with freshly shaved chocolate
and candy canes dipped in it.
She taught me
every trick I know.
- Did she do anything
with her cooking abilities?
- Well. she always wanted
to open a bakery.
but Grandpa was old-fashioned.
He squashed the idea.
When I open my shop.
it'll be like she gets
to be a part of it
in a special way.
- Your love for your nana.
wanting to honor her.
it's a beautiful thing.
- Beautiful?
You got. um...
♪ ♪
- Um--uh. sorry about the mess.
and I'll replace your eggs.
I--I kind of--I messed up
trying to make something.
but don't worry;
I'll bring you coffee.
and Vic will make
some pancakes.
- That kitchen was spotless
this morning.
- Oh. my gosh.
I feel like I was busted.
- Don't forget the coffee.
- Ooh. coffee. okay.
♪ ♪
Here you go.
- Thank you.
You know. you are
gonna make one heck
of a year-round
Christmas store owner.
- Thanks.
I appreciate that.
You know. I wasn't sure if
I should include that ornament.
but it's just so pretty.
I hope I didn't--
- Oh. no. no. no. it's fine.
It's just fine.
- You all look so happy
in that photo.
- That picture was taken
the day my daughter. Marjorie.
graduated from college.
We were so proud of her.
- Is she okay?
- Oh. she's fine. She's fine.
Except she's got
her mother's temperament
and her father's pride.
We got in a bit of an argument
a while back about a young man
she was seeing.
Turned out. I was right.
but she remained angry
that I interfered
in her personal life.
- But you said you were right.
- Well. I was. I was.
but a big old "I told you so"
from a meddling father
doesn't help matters much.
- Well. I'm so sorry.
- Well. she did come
to her mother's funeral.
and we had
a civil conversation.
I was kinda hoping we could put
our past behind us.
but. uh. I haven't heard
from her since.
But we all have our stories.
don't we.
our family histories?
And I'm not gonna bore you
with any more of mine. okay?
- Oh. no. no.
I think family histories
are the opposite of boring.
I mean.
it's what ties us together.
- Hmm.
- Maybe she'll get
in the holiday spirit
and reach out this year.
Or maybe you should--
- Oh. no. no. no.
Best leave
sleeping dogs lie. trust me.
I'm. uh--I'm gonna take a walk.
See ya.
♪ ♪
-
Family history.
That's it.
That's how we win the contest.
♪ ♪
- Hey. everyone.
Thank you so much
for coming in.
We know it's a couple days
before Christmas.
so we'll keep it short.
- Now. I realize
the first meeting
didn't go so well.
so I think that we have come up
with a solution
that will make everybody happy.
- I just want my fair turn.
That's the only thing
that's gonna make me happy.
- Why don't we hear them out
before starting in
on one another?
- Thank you.
So Vic and I have done
some research
on the history of this town.
and it sparked an idea.
- Oh. jeez.
- Yes. Rowena?
- My ancestors
founded this town.
- And that's great.
It's what we want to celebrate.
- Wait. what do you mean.
"celebrate"?
- Well. every year. you use
the Winter Wonderland theme
because it gives each of you
an opportunity
to spotlight your businesses.
- Yeah. but what if this year.
we could spotlight
all the businesses
in the same theme?
- No. no. it's my turn.
- Wait. hear us out.
Let Castle Creek's history
tell a story.
Each of your businesses
represents a chapter.
Then we walk the judges
through the chapters.
celebrating Main Street's past.
- That sounds like
a great idea.
- I like--yeah. I like that.
- I mean. Winter Wonderland
hasn't exactly been
working for us.
- So we're just gonna pretend
that this keeps
with our tradition. Billy?
- Maybe this year.
we buck tradition.
- Now. we know that you were
really looking forward
to your shop being
the focus of the competition.
and we think that
there's a way we can do that.
Your shop will be the first
and the last chapters.
The story will end
where it began.
- As a descendant
from the founding family
of Castle Creek.
we think it's only right.
not to mention we want you
to escort the judges.
- So the cameras would begin
and end at my shop?
And I would be with the judges
for the whole entire time?
I guess that seems fitting.
I guess I could sacrifice my
turn for the good of the town.
- Yes!
Oh. my God.
- Hey. now we're talking. huh?
- Good job.
- All right. guys.
I know it's a lot of work.
but we can do it.
- And we just need you all
to decide
what chapters
you're gonna be. okay?
And Amelia and I
are here to help.
- Sounds like we have a lot
of work to do
and not a lot of time to do it.
Count me in.
I'll help anyone who needs it.
- Good for you.
That's the spirit.
- All right. thank you.
- Looks like we're gonna
be busy!
Hey. um. I got you something.
Not a big deal. but I figured
if you ever needed luck.
now would be the time.
- Thank you.
This is so sweet of you.
♪ ♪
- Hey. Vic!
I need your opinion
on something.
You bet. Billy.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Let's celebrate
Christmas ♪
- ♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ It's the best time
of the year ♪
♪ Share your gifts and cheer ♪
♪ Everyone. let's celebrate ♪
♪ 'Cause it's Christmas
- ♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ The snow is falling down ♪
♪ Santa's coming to town
♪ Everyone. let's celebrate ♪
♪ Let's celebrate
the good times ♪
♪ It's the best time
of the year ♪
♪ The family's all around ♪
♪ Spreading
the holiday cheer ♪
♪ Presents all around ♪
- We're gonna go big.
- ♪ And the lights
are on the tree ♪
♪ It's the perfect
kind of situation ♪
♪ On this Christmas Eve
♪ It'll be cold
- ♪ It'll be cold ♪
- ♪ Cold outside ♪
- ♪ Outside. outside ♪
- ♪ And the lights
- ♪ The lights. the lights ♪
- ♪ Are all so bright
- ♪ So bright. so bright ♪
- ♪ Let's celebrate
Christmas ♪
- ♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ It's the best time
of the year ♪
♪ Share your gifts and cheer ♪
♪ Everyone. let's celebrate ♪
♪ 'Cause it's Christmas
- ♪ Christmas
- ♪ The snow is falling down ♪
- Hey. Billy. it looks good.
- Thanks.
- Maybe a little tighter.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- There we go. right.
Hey.
- What do you think?
- Looking good.
Hey. I wanna
show you something.
- Wow.
- Right?
This belonged
to Charles the postman.
His great-grandfather used
to deliver mail in this
whenever it snowed really bad.
Oh.
I think a sleigh ride
for the judges
would be a nice touch.
- It would be a nice touch.
Where do you wanna go.
North Pole?
- I think I'm fine right here.
- Look at you.
You're glowing.
You really are Miss Christmas.
I can see
how much you love this.
- I do.
I love...
all of it.
♪ ♪
We should go.
- We should.
- Hey. guys?
There you are.
Wanna do a quick
run-through down Main Street
before everyone
calls it a night?
- You bet. Billy.
- All right. see you there.
- See you there. Billy.
- Oh. wow.
- Oh. Billy.
♪
- Okay. what do you mean.
you almost kissed him?
- I know. I did say he was
a monster and everything.
but once I actually
got to know him.
he's kinda like
a big teddy bear.
- Didn't you also say
that he's super competitive?
- Well. yes.
- Well. did you forget
that he's your competition
for that building?
- Of course not.
- Well. how do you know
he's not pretending
to like you just to lull you
into vulnerability?
- You don't trust my judgment.
do you?
- I know you're smart.
We just need to be sure
you act like it.
Don't forget
what's on the line.
That site is perfect
for your store.
and you need that to happen.
Don't let this guy
charm it away from you.
- That is so not happening.
- Good.
Okay. well. I gotta run.
so. uh. I'll see you.
Call me.
Bye.
- Okay. bye.
♪ ♪
- Morning.
- I made more
of my famous pancakes.
- Thanks. but I'm not hungry.
- Not hungry?
You okay?
- Yeah. fine.
Just anxious.
you know. for the contest.
I wanna do good for Elder.
- Well. I'm just glad things
aren't weird between us.
- It's not weird.
Just nervous is all.
- Don't worry.
Everything's gonna be great.
Hey. I'm gonna
heat up the Jeep.
I thought the three of us
would drive over together.
Have a pancake.
You'll regret it if you don't.
♪ ♪
- Good morning. Elder.
- Good morning.
It's gonna be
my first Christmas
without either one of them.
I thought tomorrow
was gonna be a gloomy day.
but you and Vic
changed all that.
And I hope you're not upset
that I haven't made a decision
on the building yet.
It's mostly because
I'm enjoying
having you around so much.
I'm dragging my feet
on who to sell it to.
I don't wanna see you
both take off.
- Well. you're not gonna
be alone at Christmas.
and make up your mind about
the building on your own time.
I'll respect
whatever decision you make.
- That's what Vic said.
- Did he?
- I apologized to him too.
Thanks again.
♪
♪ ♪
- Chandra.
- Elder!
- It's so good to see you.
Oh. my gosh.
- Merry Christmas.
Are you treating
my friends well?
- We love them.
They're in good hands.
- She's telling the truth.
-
- Come on.
It's cold out here.
Let's go to my café.
- Ooh. good idea. good idea.
♪ ♪
- You good?
- Oh. yeah.
I'm good.
I'll be right inside.
- Okay.
♪
- Hey. it's Amelia again.
Can you please call me
as soon as you get this?
Thanks.
- So it was Vic's idea
to hang the photos in an arc
to tell the story of the café.
starting with my grandmother's
grand opening.
all the way until
when I took over.
- I love it.
That's a great idea.
So where are we at
with the contest?
- We sent Rowena to meet
the judges in Crystal.
They're on their way back
in horse-drawn sleigh.
- Oh.
- It was Amelia's
brilliant idea.
- Oh. well.
it was a great team effort.
- Hey. everybody. they're here.
♪ Jingle all the way ♪
♪ Oh. what fun it is to ride ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh.
hey ♪
- Rowena's taking them
into her shop.
- You think somebody
should head over there?
- Well. she's talking
about herself.
She doesn't need
any help with that.
- I'm gonna check
with the other merchants.
I'm excited to see
what they're doing.
- You know. that's a good idea.
I gotta go work on my store.
- Hey.
You good?
- Oh. yeah...just stuff.
Okay.
Let's go.
- And although
my family undertook
every trade imaginable.
pottery-making was the one
that stuck over the decades.
- Everything here
is so amazing.
- Well. thank you.
I like to think that I elevated
pottery-making to an art form.
- And you said this building
has belonged to your family
all these decades?
- Oh. yes. indeedy.
it certainly has.
- I can't wait to see
what's in store
on the rest
of Castle Creek's Main Street.
- Yeah. so far. we're off
to an entertaining
and informative start.
Okay.
- You really
surprised us this year.
- Yeah.
I didn't see this coming.
I mean. I really am
looking forward
to the rest of the story.
- Right?
- Oh. I'm glad.
- Why don't we finish the walk.
and then we'll come back
and shoot some more footage
of the store for the broadcast?
- All right. whatever you want.
- Alejandro--
- Don't touch that. please.
No. don't touch that.
That's very valuable.
- Sorry.
Shall we?
- Yeah. let's do it.
- Okay.
- Well.
I'm--I'm coming with you.
I'll get my coat.
- Okay.
- You're where?
I see you.
That's me in the tan coat.
Okay.
- Hey. Amelia.
Did you know
that Billy's grandfather
illustrated children's books?
- Yeah. uh. Vic
had told me about that.
- All these years.
I never knew that.
Is--is something the matter?
Is something wrong?
- Elder. I did something.
and I truly hope
you're okay with it.
- "Did something"?
Did what?
♪
You left your phone charging
in the living room last night.
and I got her number from it.
I was really hoping that this
could happen at your house.
- But I was afraid I'd lose
my nerve if I waited too long.
Amelia told me you'd be here.
♪ ♪
- Elder. please don't be mad.
- I'm so sorry. Dad.
- No. no. no. no. I'm sorry.
- I've been foolish.
-
- I didn't even stop to think
that this would be your first
Christmas without Mom.
Amelia told me
that you were giving me space.
but I don't need space.
I need you.
- No. no. we were both foolish.
but that's not important.
You're here right now.
That's all that matters.
♪ ♪
Oh.
♪
I told Amelia that you had
your mother's stubbornness
and your father's pride.
True.
And now I have you back.
- Oh. my...
Hey. let's go see Chandra.
She'll be thrilled
that you're back.
♪
- Amelia. you're a rock star.
- It's the best gift ever.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
- Amelia.
What's wrong?
Why are you crying?
- They're happy tears.
- Well. did we win or something
and nobody told me?
- No.
That's why I have happy tears.
- Who's with Elder?
- It's his daughter.
- Well. isn't that the one
he was fighting with?
- Not anymore.
I called her. and I told her
that Elder was so upset
about their fight
and that he wanted to make up.
It's amazing what happens when
people put aside their pride.
- You called her?
When?
- Last night. and now they both
can have a truly
happy Christmas.
- Well. I'm happy for them.
I really am.
Happy for you too.
- What does that mean?
- "No shenanigans."
isn't that what we said?
♪ ♪
I'm such a fool.
I thought I had you
figured out.
You go and make a call
like that without me.
- Vic. wait. I--
- Congratulations. Amelia.
I'm sure this'll get you your
building you've always wanted.
♪
- Wait. Vic. hold up.
You're wrong.
- Okay.
So you didn't pull
a sneaky move
to get on Elder's good side?
- Sneaky?
No. it wasn't sneaky.
It was risky.
- What?
- Elder told me
not to get involved.
He said to just
let sleeping dogs lie.
But I saw how sad he was.
so I thought I had to try.
- Yeah. to stack the deck
in your favor.
- No.
It's because
of what you said to me
after the first meeting
with the merchants.
- I said a lot of things.
What are you talking about?
- You said I never do anything
for anyone
out of pure goodness.
I never stick my neck out
for anyone
unless there's something
in it for me.
- And?
- Well. that stuck with me.
even after you apologized.
It's not that I haven't wanted
to do those things.
I've never had a chance.
not like this.
- So this had nothing to do
with Elder's building?
- Nothing.
This could have gone sideways
really fast. but I like Elder.
so I was willing to take a risk
if it meant
that him and his daughter
could make up.
You know what?
Just believe
what you want about me.
- Amelia.
Hey. um...
what you did today
was a really good thing.
My cynical.
competitive nature just--
it just got the best of me.
had me jump to a conclusion.
- The wrong conclusion.
- I know. and I believe you.
You didn't bite your lower lip.
I'm so sorry.
- Apology accepted.
and this time.
without a snowball
to the back of the head.
-
Well. I appreciate that.
- I just wish
you could have seen
Elder and Marjorie's faces.
They were so happy.
- Whatever happens tonight.
they got a big win
because of you.
Speaking of winning.
look at Rowena with the judges.
♪ Oh. what fun
it is to ride ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh.
hey ♪
♪ Jingle bells. jingle bells.
jingle all the way ♪
- Looks like they're going
into Gary's coin shop.
- Should we crash?
- And interrupt Rowena
when she's in charge?
That might be the worst idea
you've had all day.
- All right. let's go
in the Coffee Corner
till they're done
with the rounds.
- What a wonderful day
this has been.
very surprising
in many respects.
- Yeah. with the Battle
of the Main Streets.
we're always treated
to beautiful decorations.
but this year. Castle Creek
has taken it a step further
and shared the beauty
of its history with us.
- Not only were we able
to enjoy
beautiful holiday decorations.
We were able to get a glimpse
into Castle Creek's soul.
And while we absolutely
loved Crystal's
Silver Linings Christmas
this year.
Alejandro and I both agree
that Castle Creek's
Once Upon a Main Street
is this year's winner.
- Congratulations.
- Oh! Oh!
- I can't wait to see
what you have
in store for us next year.
- Oh.
- Merry Christmas.
- We did it. gang!
Yay!
Oh. and I'd like
to thank my ancestors
and the town
and especially
the contest helper people.
You're beautiful.
Thank you.
- Well-earned.
- Okay. coffee and dessert
at my place. on me.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Come on!
Let's go!
- Can you believe we won?
I mean. I can't even
believe it.
It's so exciting.
- Are you done?
- Yes. I am.
Thanks. honey.
- Nice work.
- First time we win.
- You guys good?
Yeah?
♪ ♪
- You on server duty too?
- Well. anything
to help Chandra out.
and at least people are
leaving tips on the tables
for their desserts.
- Well. it's a great bunch
of folks here.
Hey. even Rowena's
in a good mood.
- I guess you can say victory
brings out the best in her.
- Yeah.
- Hey. I'm really glad
that we could all work together
to bring home a win.
- Yeah. hey. I really enjoyed
working with you.
No matter what Elder decides
about the building.
I hope we get to spend
more time together.
- I'd like that.
Maybe you could even sell
your chocolate gingerbread cake
at my store.
wherever that may be.
Hey. let's make a deal.
Whatever Elder decides.
no hard feelings?
- It's a deal.
- I gotta get these
to the kitchen.
♪ ♪
- Thank you so much.
- So glad you came.
Thank you for coming.
It's a big night. huh?
Okay. let's--
Amelia.
you don't have to do that.
- It's no worries.
I'm happy to help.
I just love
how all these photos
tell the story of your café.
- Mm.
- I see you still go
really heavy on Christmas.
not that there's anything
wrong with that.
- Well. these weren't all taken
at Christmas.
Once upon a time.
this used to be
a year-round Christmas store.
- Are you kidding?
That's exactly
what I'm gonna open
where I live. in White Oak.
- Well. well.
will you look at that?
Let me show you something.
♪ ♪
- It's like Christmas
exploded in here.
I love it.
- My grandmother
loved Christmas.
but running the store and
the café was too much for me.
I'm really just happy selling
and serving coffee.
I know at some point. I'm going
to need to sell all of this
or put it in storage.
but. you know. there's
a certain comfort in knowing
that a part of my grandma
is back here.
- No. I get it.
Christmas store-slash-café.
it's inspired.
And inspiring.
You and your grandmother
are wonderful.
Sorry. I forgot--thank you.
Hey. I'm so sorry
to interrupt you guys.
Can I please have a minute?
- Well. sure. sure.
- Can I call Vic over?
- Of course.
- Okay.
- Oh. yeah. pardon me. Rowena.
What's up?
- I think I have a solution
for our building problem.
♪ ♪
We share the building.
- Share?
- Yes.
The building is big--
big enough for you to have
a kitchen to make
all your chocolate specialties
and enough room for all
the goods I'll be selling--
a year-round Christmas
store-slash-chocolate shop.
It makes perfect sense.
- It'll cut the investment
for both of you in half.
- Exactly!
And haven't we just witnessed
what can happen when people
are willing to compromise?
- It does make business sense.
and I've seen you two
work together.
I know it'll be a success.
What do you say. son?
♪ ♪
- It does make perfect sense.
-
- Oh. my goodness.
This is great.
Thank you.
- No. no. thank you.
♪ ♪
- What a day this has been.
- I'm so excited to work
on our new business together.
- You know. I'm already
in touch with a contractor.
I guess she's in
for some new instructions.
- Oh. you're always
one step ahead.
Working with you
is gonna be an adventure.
- Yeah. I can't wait to see
what our new chapter holds.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Wishes come true ♪
♪ The same time every year ♪
- Nana's New York cheesecake?
- Check.
- Betty's brownie cookies?
Nutcracker ornaments?
- Check.
- Plush angel toys?
- They are all ready to go.
I can't believe this day
is finally here.
Thank you.
- It has been
a long time coming.
- Mmm.
-
Your nana would be
so proud of you.
- And she would love to see you
swimming in one
of the Christmas sweaters
she made.
You finally get to have
Christmas year-round
like you've always wanted.
You ready?
- Oh. yeah.
Wait. for good luck--
although I feel like I have
all the luck in the world.
♪ ♪
- ♪ We'll hold ♪
♪ Those memories close ♪
♪ Of the look in their eyes
♪ Of joy and surprise ♪
♪ When the morning
finally arrives ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Wishes come true ♪
♪ The same time every year ♪